add table on specs to guide (#72) (#73)
wmo-im/wis2-guide: guide/sections/part2/wis2-architecture.adoc

> WIS Centres shall comply with the Technical Regulations defined in the Manual on WIS (WMO No. 1060), Vol I.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WIS Centres shall comply with the Technical Regulations defined in the Manual on WIS (WMO No. 1060), Vol II.
```

Author: WIS Centres shall comply with the Technical Regulations defined in the _Manual on WMO Information System_ (WMO-No. 1060), Volume II.
